Describe Hub lifetime (#9439)
aspnet/Docs: aspnetcore/signalr/hubs.md

You can specify a return type and parameters, including complex types and arrays, as you would in any C# method. SignalR handles the serialization and deserialization of complex objects and arrays in your parameters and return values.

> [!NOTE]

> > Hubs are transient, meaning every hub method call will be executed on a new hub instance. This means state should not be stored in a property on the hub class and if a hub method wants to send to clients it must do so before exiting the hub method. For example not awaiting an async method such as `await Clients.All.SendAsync(...);` can fail if the hub method completes before `SendAsync` finishes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Hubs are transient:
> * Don't store state in a property on the hub class. Every hub method call is executed on a new hub instance.  
> *  Use `await` when calling asynchronous methods that depend on the connection staying open. For example, a method such as `Clients.All.SendAsync(...)` can fail if it is called without `await` , and the hub method completes before `SendAsync` finishes.
```
